welcome back to horror recaps today i
will be showing you a horror slash
thriller from 2015 titled the invitation
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
will and kiera are driving to will's
ex-wife eaton's house to attend a dinner
party
eden is hosting the dinner party with
her new husband david
the couple was surprised to receive the
invitation card
the last time we met eden and david was
two years ago in a supermarket
none of them had heard from the couple
for two when they suddenly got the
invitation
as the couple is talking a coyote
crashes into their car
they see that the animal is severely
wounded but still alive
will brings out a tire iron and kills it
the couple reaches the house
will used to live there with eden before
their son ty's death
his death was the reason they had
separated while going in
will imagines ty playing with his toys
when they are inside
most of the guests have already arrived
they are seated in the living area
all the guests are will's friends there
is ben whose wife couldn't come
tommy and his boyfriend miguel claire
and gina
gina's boyfriend troy is running late
the group greets will and kira
eden appears from upstairs she hugs will
and welcomes him to the house
then david arrives and welcomes everyone
he offers them wine
gina is stunned to know that it costs 8
million per bottle
david proposes a toast to officially
welcome everyone
will notice is a half-naked woman down
the hallway she is staring at him
after the toast she comes to the living
room david introduces her to everyone
her name is shady the couple met her in
mexico and she has been with them ever
since
will then goes to look around the house
and kira tells the group about the
coyote incident earlier
will is in the kitchen when eden comes
there too she asks him to help her get
the drinks as she talks about her life
back in mexico
she tells him that she is free and the
happiest she has ever been
ben arrives at the kitchen too eden says
that she has overcome her emotions and
wants the same for will
but ben makes fun of the topic this
angers eden so she slaps him
van and will are surprised at what just
happened eden leaves
and will and ben discuss her weird
behavior when they come out
eden immediately apologizes to bannon he
accepts it
david receives a man named pruitt on the
door sadie jumps on pruitt and is happy
to see him
he is someone the couple met in mexico
as well gina tries calling troy because
he is still not there but the house has
no reception
david then locks the main entrance we'll
get suspicious and asks him for the
reason
david and eden are scared because of
rising cases of home invasion
but they keep the keys in the lock upon
will's request
eden asks will to bring out some
firewood since he knows where they keep
it
outside will looks at the backyard and
reminisces about ty's death
he had died while playing with a
baseball bat in the backyard
we'll then sees eden in her room hiding
something in her drawer
curiosity gets the best of him so we'll
goes into the room to look at what it is
he finds an unlabeled bottle of medicine
he quickly grabs one pill and comes out
meanwhile sadie tells the group that
eden david prude and she are part of a
spiritual group in mexico
gina jokes about it being a cult as the
guests ask more questions
david brings out his laptop to show them
a video of their ritual
in the video there is a woman lying on
the bed surrounded by other people
she tells that she is going to see her
husband and her father and that she
feels loved
the others in the room claim that they
can feel her spirit eventually
the woman dies david looks around for
the group's reaction and sees them
surprised and disturbed
will tells him that the video is not
appropriate for dinner parties david
tries to explain the main motive of the
video
pruitt further adds that the video isn't
about her death but about her communion
david again tells them that the program
helped him recover from his drug
addiction and grief
eden adds that her grief from tai's
death was taken away too
hearing this will gets angered he
accuses eden for removing ty's memory
and not caring about his death
migus tries to calm will down the two of
them are in a separate room when will
shows him the pill he had stolen earlier
migus tells him that it might be
phenobarbital which is a common tablet
they then go outside to the rest of the
group david apologizes to everyone about
the video and suggests everyone play a
game to lighten the mood
it's a game they use to play in mexico
called i want
in the game they have to take turns and
tell everyone what they want at that
moment
the point is to be honest sadie wants to
go first
she says that she wants to tell everyone
that she loves them even though they
only met an hour ago
she then proceeds to make out with gina
while everyone cheers
gina is stunned but goes next she
remembers david talking about being
addicted to drugs and jokingly says she
wants his stash of drugs
without any question david hands it to
her next is pruitt
he wants to tell them about his wife he
reveals that he had accidentally killed
his wife during an argument
he has also served some time in prison
for it everyone is shocked
they do not feel comfortable playing the
game further but eden insists on going
next she tells them that she wants to
kiss ben
ben accepts and pecks her but eden holds
his face and makes out with him
ben jokingly tells everyone to hide this
from his wife
claire is very uncomfortable she tells
everyone she wants to leave
david tries to convince her to stay but
will gets very defensive and tells him
to back off
the hosts though outside to see her off
pruitt joins them to move his car which
was blocking hers
will watches them through the window
when suddenly david comes in front of
him
he wants to talk to will privately david
voices his concerns about will's
behavior
he has been acting suspicious of their
hospitality will apologizes and tells
him that he wasn't prepared to be in the
house yet
the group then goes upstairs for dinner
at the dinner table
will gets hyper sensitive to his
surroundings it is as if he is reliving
all his memories with tai again
after dinner will goes to the restroom
he sees sadie through the mirror
making weird faces at it she notices him
he quickly goes to the pool to cool his
mind where shady joins him
she talks to him for a while before
suddenly asking him to have sex with her
will refuses but sadie keeps on trying
to persuade him before finally going in
again
will is at the balcony now where he is
joined by tommy
will tells him that something is awfully
wrong with this situation
tommy dismisses his concerns telling him
that they are bound to feel that way as
they haven't talked for two years
he dismisses his concerts hugs him and
goes inside
just then will receives a voice message
from choi troy tells him that he is in
front of eden's house
but has forgotten to bring the desert he
asks will to get one on his way
will is now sure that something is wrong
he realizes that choi was here earlier
but eden and david must have done
something to him he goes back to the
dining table when the lights go out
david and eden arrive with a cake for
miguel since his birthday is in a week
he blows the candles out and the lights
come back then
we'll loses his control he begins to
repeatedly ask eden and david about troy
he tells them about the voice memo and
how he was here earlier than everyone
else
david and eden claim that choi was never
at the house will bangs on the table and
calls their group a cult
he insults pruitt and shady kira tries
to get him to leave
but will refuses to leave until they
tell the truth just then someone rings
the doorbell
david goes to check and receives troy
from the front door
choi was right in front of the house
earlier but his work called him so he
had to leave
will finally calms down and is
embarrassed he cries and apologizes to
everyone then goes to the restroom to
calm down
as he washes his face it reminds him of
tai again
he goes back to the balcony and sits
alone kira joins him and talks to him
about tai
will has not been able to get over his
son's death he tells kira that she
cannot help him in this case
he goes back and asks eden if he can see
tai's room again
ty's toy scattered all around his room
will hallucinates ty
sleeping in his bed and lays down next
to him he sees david out in the backyard
through the window
he lights a red lantern we'll go spying
around the house again and this time
finds david's laptop
he plays a video where a person is
talking about how that night their faith
will come to life
he does not get what the man is trying
to convey but now knows for sure that
they are not safe in the house
he goes back to the dining table where
everyone is preparing for the last glass
of wine
david proposes a toast again gina
quickly takes a sip of her drink
but before anyone else can will throws
his glass scattering it and stops
everyone from drinking
sadie attacks him saying that he ruined
everything will pushes her off him when
she bangs her head on a piece of
furniture and goes unconscious
the group runs to help sadie while will
is still in shock
while they are at it gina passes out at
the dining table and dies
the wine was drugged ben tries to call
9-1-1 but the house has no signal
on top of that all of the doors are
locked too
suddenly david comes out with a gun and
shoots miguel
the rest of the group is shocked they
run downstairs in fear
pruitt takes the gun from david tommy
attacks david
but before he can hurt him sadie attacks
him with a knife
then kira and will run downstairs while
looking for open doors
ben separates from well and kira sadie
attacks the couple and bites will's neck
like a maniac
he pushes her aside and locks himself
and kira in a room
the couple see pruitt and david kill ben
in the backyard through the window
they have no way to get out of the house
will remembers a door upstairs through
which they can sneak out
they slowly go up and hear david and
eden talking eden cries and tells david
that this wasn't supposed to happen
eden david sadie and pruitt are part of
a cult that organized a mass human
sacrifice
the last glass of wine was poisoned to
kill everyone will and kira go to the
room to see that the door is gone
it must have been removed when the house
was renovated then prude attacks the
couple
he chokes will and almost kills him but
before he can kira hits him on the head
with a wine bottle
as he falls she hits him several times
eventually killing him
they rush out again to see eden pointing
a gun at them
she fires at will hitting him in his
shoulder she soon regrets doing that and
apologizes to an injured will
she then shoots herself in the stomach
david calls eden from downstairs
he climbs the stairs with a knife
intending to kill everyone when tommy
attacks him
they fall down the stairs tommy
overpowers david and stabs him several
times to eventually kill him
finally eden asks will to carry her to
the backyard
will and kiera bring an injured eden
outside and say their last goodbye to
her
the house is then surrounded by police
helicopters the movie ends as will
notices several red lanterns like the
ones david have lit in every house down
the hill
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching
you